README.md, before:

# tenhou-scorepane

Scoring pane for tenhou

Plugin for Firefox, and Chrome - load in debugging mode.

Shows details of last hand, on right-hand side of screen.

Just proof-of-concept, it's very brittle.

I haven't yet got a clean way to remove the room type ("4P E-only") from the middle of the pane
 
And it really doesn't like the screen being resized while tenhou is loaded.

Tested in 4p & 3p.

Download [here](https://github.com/ApplySci/tenhou-scorepane/archive/master.zip)


## How to test the addon:

Unzip into a dedicated folder on your local machine.

In **Firefox**: paste this into your address bar: about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox, and Load Temporary Add-on. Find the manifest.json file in the dedicated folder. Then in a new window, load https://tenhou.net/3

In **Chrome**: go to chrome://extensions/ . Switch Developer mode on (top-right corner). Then "Load unpacked". Then find the dedicated folder where you unzipped the github zip file

# Please do contribute pull requests.

Commit message:

nicer formatting of wins. Still need to format draws, and test yakuman

README.md, after:

# tenhou-scorepane

Scoring pane for tenhou

Plugin for Firefox, and Chrome - load in debugging mode.

Shows details of last hand, on right-hand side of screen.

Just proof-of-concept, it's very brittle.

I haven't yet got a clean way to remove the room type ("4P E-only") from the middle of the pane
 
And it really doesn't like the screen being resized while tenhou is loaded.

Tested in 4p & 3p.

Download [here](https://github.com/ApplySci/tenhou-scorepane/archive/master.zip)


## How to test the addon:

Unzip into a dedicated folder on your local machine.

In **Firefox**: paste this into your address bar: about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox, and Load Temporary Add-on. Find the manifest.json file in the dedicated folder. Then in a new window, load https://tenhou.net/3

In **Chrome**: go to chrome://extensions/ . Switch Developer mode on (top-right corner). Then "Load unpacked". Then find the dedicated folder where you unzipped the github zip file

The scoring pane does work on game logs as well as live games. Stepping through the results in a game log is the easiest way to test this extension. Go to the start of the second hand, or later, and then go back one turn - that takes you to the end of the last hand.

# Please do contribute pull requests.
